---
published: false
---
## My New Monitor

I just upgraded my PC setup with a new monitor! The top specs/features on my wish list were:
1. 1440p or higher resolution
2. High refresh rate (144hz)
3. 1ms response rate
4. G-sync

Browsing around, mainly on the internet, I found that G-sync monitors were expensive! It wasn't too hard to find counterpart AMD Freesync ones that were $100+ cheaper. I ended up with the Dell S2716DGR.

### Dell S2716DGR

The Dell is touted as a budget 1440p 144hz G-sync gaming monitor and reasonably so. It's a 27-inch TN panel with 2560x1440 native resolution. In addition, it comes with Nvidia's G-sync support for tear-free gaming.

I got it new off Ebay for $390 without a hitch. I think if you were considering on buying it around its current brick-and-mortar price, ~480, I would pass (especially since it can be done for 100 dollars cheaper).

It's a great monitor but requires a bit of calibration and potential G-sync setup.

### Monitor Settings

Out of the box, I reset the monitor to factory settings in case something was left changed from the factory; I wanted a clean slate.

On my MacOS Hackintosh side of my dual-boot computer, I was appalled at the default color profile which had a heavy green cast, but more on that later.

Switching to my Windows drive, it was a little better but could use some improvement. After fiddling with my old Spyder3 colorimeter, I had trouble getting the calibrated color profile to "stick". Every time I exited the application, my profile would revert to the Windows default. After referencing online tutorials on loading user profiles as a default, I still had an issue with gamma. Ultimately, though, I got the calibration to work. Here's my steps:
